# openapi-java-client

Speech Services API version 3.2

- API version: 3.2

- Build date: 2025-03-03T10:07:46.057250+01:00[Europe/Berlin]

- Generator version: 7.12.0

Speech Services API version 3.2.

  For more information, please visit [https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/support](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/support)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*

## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. Java 11+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>3.2</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:3.2"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

- `target/openapi-java-client-3.2.jar`
- `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

import org.openapitools.client.*;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi;

public class CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApiExample {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
        // Configure clients using the `defaultClient` object, such as
        // overriding the host and port, timeout, etc.
        CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi apiInstance = new CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi(defaultClient);
        UUID id = UUID.randomUUID(); // UUID | The identifier of the dataset.
        List<CommitBlocksEntry> blockList = Arrays.asList(); // List<CommitBlocksEntry> | The list of blocks that compile the dataset.
        try {
            apiInstance.datasetsCommitBlocks(id, blockList);
        } catch (ApiException e) {
            System.err.println("Exception when calling CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi#datasetsCommitBlocks");
            System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
            System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
            System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
    }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsCommitBlocks**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsCommitBlocks) | **POST** /datasets/{id}/blocks:commit | Commit block list to complete the upload of the dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsCommitBlocksWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsCommitBlocksWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /datasets/{id}/blocks:commit | Commit block list to complete the upload of the dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsCreate) | **POST** /datasets | Uploads and creates a new dataset by getting the data from a specified URL or starts waiting for data blocks to be uploaded.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /datasets | Uploads and creates a new dataset by getting the data from a specified URL or starts waiting for data blocks to be uploaded.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsDelete) | **DELETE** /datasets/{id} | Deletes the specified dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /datasets/{id} | Deletes the specified dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGet**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGet) | **GET** /datasets/{id} | Gets the dataset identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets/{id} | Gets the dataset identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGetBlocks**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGetBlocks) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/blocks | Gets the list of uploaded blocks for this dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGetBlocksWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGetBlocksWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/blocks | Gets the list of uploaded blocks for this dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGetFile**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGetFile) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a dataset (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsGetFileWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsGetFileWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a dataset (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsList**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsList) | **GET** /datasets | Gets a list of datasets for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets | Gets a list of datasets for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsListFiles**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsListFiles) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/files | Gets the files of the dataset identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsListFilesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsListFilesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets/{id}/files | Gets the files of the dataset identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /datasets/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for datasets.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /datasets/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for datasets.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUpdate) | **PATCH** /datasets/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the dataset identified by its ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /datasets/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the dataset identified by its ID.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUpload**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUpload) | **POST** /datasets/upload | Uploads data and creates a new dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUploadWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUploadWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /datasets/upload | Uploads data and creates a new dataset.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUploadBlock**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUploadBlock) | **PUT** /datasets/{id}/blocks | Upload a block of data for the dataset. The maximum size of the block is 8MiB.
*CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi* | [**datasetsUploadBlockWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechDatasetsForModelAdaptationApi.md#datasetsUploadBlockWithHttpInfo) | **PUT** /datasets/{id}/blocks | Upload a block of data for the dataset. The maximum size of the block is 8MiB.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsCreate) | **POST** /endpoints | Creates a new endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /endpoints | Creates a new endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDelete) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id} | Deletes the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id} | Deletes the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteBaseModelLog**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteBaseModelLog) | **DELETE** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs/{logId} | Deletes one audio or transcription log that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs/{logId} | Deletes one audio or transcription log that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogs**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogs) | **DELETE** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs | Deletes the specified audio and transcription logs that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language. It deletes all logs before (and including) a specific day.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteBaseModelLogsWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs | Deletes the specified audio and transcription logs that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language. It deletes all logs before (and including) a specific day.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteLog**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteLog) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs/{logId} | Deletes one audio or transcription log that have been stored for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteLogWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteLogWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs/{logId} | Deletes one audio or transcription log that have been stored for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteLogs**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteLogs) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs | Deletes the specified audio and transcription logs that have been stored for a given endpoint. It deletes all logs before (and including) a specific day.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsDeleteLogsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsDeleteLogsWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs | Deletes the specified audio and transcription logs that have been stored for a given endpoint. It deletes all logs before (and including) a specific day.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGet**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGet) | **GET** /endpoints/{id} | Gets the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/{id} | Gets the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGetBaseModelLog**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGetBaseModelLog) | **GET** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs/{logId} | Gets a specific audio or transcription log for the default base model in a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGetBaseModelLogWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGetBaseModelLogWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs/{logId} | Gets a specific audio or transcription log for the default base model in a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGetLog**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGetLog) | **GET** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs/{logId} | Gets a specific audio or transcription log for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsGetLogWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsGetLogWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs/{logId} | Gets a specific audio or transcription log for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsList**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsList) | **GET** /endpoints | Gets the list of endpoints for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints | Gets the list of endpoints for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListBaseModelLogs**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListBaseModelLogs) | **GET** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs | Gets the list of audio and transcription logs that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListBaseModelLogsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListBaseModelLogsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/base/{locale}/files/logs | Gets the list of audio and transcription logs that have been stored when using the default base model of a given language.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListLogs**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListLogs) | **GET** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs | Gets the list of audio and transcription logs that have been stored for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListLogsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListLogsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/{id}/files/logs | Gets the list of audio and transcription logs that have been stored for a given endpoint.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /endpoints/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for endpoint creations.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /endpoints/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for endpoint creations.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsUpdate) | **PATCH** /endpoints/{id} | Updates the metadata of the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechEndpointsApi* | [**endpointsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechEndpointsApi.md#endpointsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /endpoints/{id} | Updates the metadata of the endpoint identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsCreate) | **POST** /evaluations | Creates a new evaluation.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /evaluations | Creates a new evaluation.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsDelete) | **DELETE** /evaluations/{id} | Deletes the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /evaluations/{id} | Deletes the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsGet**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsGet) | **GET** /evaluations/{id} | Gets the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /evaluations/{id} | Gets the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsGetFile**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsGetFile) | **GET** /evaluations/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from an evaluation (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsGetFileWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsGetFileWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /evaluations/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from an evaluation (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsList**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsList) | **GET** /evaluations | Gets the list of evaluations for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /evaluations | Gets the list of evaluations for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsListFiles**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsListFiles) | **GET** /evaluations/{id}/files | Gets the files of the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsListFilesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsListFilesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /evaluations/{id}/files | Gets the files of the evaluation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /evaluations/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for evaluations.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /evaluations/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for evaluations.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsUpdate) | **PATCH** /evaluations/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the evaluation identified by its id.
*CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi* | [**evaluationsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelEvaluationsApi.md#evaluationsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /evaluations/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the evaluation identified by its id.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsAuthorizeCopy**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsAuthorizeCopy) | **POST** /models:authorizecopy | Allows another speech resource (source) to copy a model to this speech resource (target).
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsAuthorizeCopyWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsAuthorizeCopyWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /models:authorizecopy | Allows another speech resource (source) to copy a model to this speech resource (target).
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsCopy**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsCopy) | **POST** /models/{id}:copy | Copies a model from one subscription to another.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsCopyWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsCopyWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /models/{id}:copy | Copies a model from one subscription to another.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsCreate) | **POST** /models | Creates a new model.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /models | Creates a new model.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsDelete) | **DELETE** /models/{id} | Deletes the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /models/{id} | Deletes the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetBaseModel**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetBaseModel) | **GET** /models/base/{id} | Gets the base model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetBaseModelWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetBaseModelWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/base/{id} | Gets the base model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetBaseModelManifest**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetBaseModelManifest) | **GET** /models/base/{id}/manifest | Returns an manifest for this base model which can be used in an on-premise container.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetBaseModelManifestWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetBaseModelManifestWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/base/{id}/manifest | Returns an manifest for this base model which can be used in an on-premise container.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetCustomModel**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetCustomModel) | **GET** /models/{id} | Gets the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetCustomModelWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetCustomModelWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/{id} | Gets the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetCustomModelManifest**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetCustomModelManifest) | **GET** /models/{id}/manifest | Returns an manifest for this model which can be used in an on-premise container.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetCustomModelManifestWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetCustomModelManifestWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/{id}/manifest | Returns an manifest for this model which can be used in an on-premise container.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetFile**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetFile) | **GET** /models/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a model (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsGetFileWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsGetFileWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a model (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListBaseModels**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListBaseModels) | **GET** /models/base | Gets the list of base models for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListBaseModelsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListBaseModelsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/base | Gets the list of base models for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListCustomModels**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListCustomModels) | **GET** /models | Gets the list of custom models for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListCustomModelsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListCustomModelsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models | Gets the list of custom models for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListFiles**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListFiles) | **GET** /models/{id}/files | Gets the files of the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListFilesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListFilesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/{id}/files | Gets the files of the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /models/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for model adaptation.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /models/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for model adaptation.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsUpdate) | **PATCH** /models/{id} | Updates the metadata of the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechModelsApi* | [**modelsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechModelsApi.md#modelsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /models/{id} | Updates the metadata of the model identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechOperationsApi* | [**operationsGetModelCopy**](docs/CustomSpeechOperationsApi.md#operationsGetModelCopy) | **GET** /operations/models/copy/{id} | Gets the operation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechOperationsApi* | [**operationsGetModelCopyWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechOperationsApi.md#operationsGetModelCopyWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /operations/models/copy/{id} | Gets the operation identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsCreate) | **POST** /projects | Creates a new project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /projects | Creates a new project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsDelete) | **DELETE** /projects/{id} | Deletes the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /projects/{id} | Deletes the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsGet**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsGet) | **GET** /projects/{id} | Gets the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id} | Gets the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsList**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsList) | **GET** /projects | Gets the list of projects for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects | Gets the list of projects for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListDatasets**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListDatasets) | **GET** /projects/{id}/datasets | Gets the list of datasets for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListDatasetsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListDatasetsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id}/datasets | Gets the list of datasets for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListEndpoints**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListEndpoints) | **GET** /projects/{id}/endpoints | Gets the list of endpoints for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListEndpointsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListEndpointsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id}/endpoints | Gets the list of endpoints for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListEvaluations**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListEvaluations) | **GET** /projects/{id}/evaluations | Gets the list of evaluations for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListEvaluationsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListEvaluationsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id}/evaluations | Gets the list of evaluations for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListModels**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListModels) | **GET** /projects/{id}/models | Gets the list of models for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListModelsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListModelsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id}/models | Gets the list of models for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /projects/locales | Gets the list of supported locales.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/locales | Gets the list of supported locales.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListTranscriptions**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListTranscriptions) | **GET** /projects/{id}/transcriptions | Gets the list of transcriptions for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsListTranscriptionsWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsListTranscriptionsWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /projects/{id}/transcriptions | Gets the list of transcriptions for specified project.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsUpdate) | **PATCH** /projects/{id} | Updates the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechProjectsApi* | [**projectsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechProjectsApi.md#projectsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /projects/{id} | Updates the project identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsCreate) | **POST** /transcriptions | Creates a new transcription.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /transcriptions | Creates a new transcription.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsDelete) | **DELETE** /transcriptions/{id} | Deletes the specified transcription task.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /transcriptions/{id} | Deletes the specified transcription task.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsGet**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsGet) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id} | Gets the transcription identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id} | Gets the transcription identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsGetFile**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsGetFile) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a transcription (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsGetFileWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsGetFileWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id}/files/{fileId} | Gets one specific file (identified with fileId) from a transcription (identified with id).
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsList**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsList) | **GET** /transcriptions | Gets a list of transcriptions for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /transcriptions | Gets a list of transcriptions for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsListFiles**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsListFiles) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id}/files | Gets the files of the transcription identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsListFilesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsListFilesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /transcriptions/{id}/files | Gets the files of the transcription identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsListSupportedLocales**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsListSupportedLocales) | **GET** /transcriptions/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for offline transcriptions.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsListSupportedLocalesWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /transcriptions/locales | Gets a list of supported locales for offline transcriptions.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsUpdate) | **PATCH** /transcriptions/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the transcription identified by its ID.
*CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi* | [**transcriptionsUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechTranscriptionsApi.md#transcriptionsUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /transcriptions/{id} | Updates the mutable details of the transcription identified by its ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksCreate**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksCreate) | **POST** /webhooks | Creates a new web hook.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksCreateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksCreateWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /webhooks | Creates a new web hook.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksDelete**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksDelete) | **DELETE** /webhooks/{id} | Deletes the web hook identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksDeleteWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksDeleteWithHttpInfo) | **DELETE** /webhooks/{id} | Deletes the web hook identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksGet**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksGet) | **GET** /webhooks/{id} | Gets the web hook identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksGetWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksGetWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /webhooks/{id} | Gets the web hook identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksList**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksList) | **GET** /webhooks | Gets the list of web hooks for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksListWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksListWithHttpInfo) | **GET** /webhooks | Gets the list of web hooks for the authenticated subscription.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksPing**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksPing) | **POST** /webhooks/{id}:ping | Sends a ping event to the registered URL.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksPingWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksPingWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /webhooks/{id}:ping | Sends a ping event to the registered URL.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksTest**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksTest) | **POST** /webhooks/{id}:test | Sends a request for each registered event type to the registered URL.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksTestWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksTestWithHttpInfo) | **POST** /webhooks/{id}:test | Sends a request for each registered event type to the registered URL.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksUpdate**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksUpdate) | **PATCH** /webhooks/{id} | Updates the web hook identified by the given ID.
*CustomSpeechWebHooksApi* | [**webHooksUpdateWithHttpInfo**](docs/CustomSpeechWebHooksApi.md#webHooksUpdateWithHttpInfo) | **PATCH** /webhooks/{id} | Updates the web hook identified by the given ID.


## Documentation for Models

 - [BaseModel](docs/BaseModel.md)
 - [BaseModelDeprecationDates](docs/BaseModelDeprecationDates.md)
 - [BaseModelFeatures](docs/BaseModelFeatures.md)
 - [BaseModelLinks](docs/BaseModelLinks.md)
 - [BaseModelProperties](docs/BaseModelProperties.md)
 - [BlockKind](docs/BlockKind.md)
 - [CommitBlocksEntry](docs/CommitBlocksEntry.md)
 - [CustomModel](docs/CustomModel.md)
 - [CustomModelDeprecationDates](docs/CustomModelDeprecationDates.md)
 - [CustomModelFeatures](docs/CustomModelFeatures.md)
 - [CustomModelLinks](docs/CustomModelLinks.md)
 - [CustomModelProperties](docs/CustomModelProperties.md)
 - [Dataset](docs/Dataset.md)
 - [DatasetKind](docs/DatasetKind.md)
 - [DatasetLinks](docs/DatasetLinks.md)
 - [DatasetProperties](docs/DatasetProperties.md)
 - [DatasetUpdate](docs/DatasetUpdate.md)
 - [DetailedErrorCode](docs/DetailedErrorCode.md)
 - [DiarizationProperties](docs/DiarizationProperties.md)
 - [DiarizationSpeakersProperties](docs/DiarizationSpeakersProperties.md)
 - [EditsSummary](docs/EditsSummary.md)
 - [Endpoint](docs/Endpoint.md)
 - [EndpointLinks](docs/EndpointLinks.md)
 - [EndpointProperties](docs/EndpointProperties.md)
 - [EndpointPropertiesUpdate](docs/EndpointPropertiesUpdate.md)
 - [EndpointUpdate](docs/EndpointUpdate.md)
 - [EntityError](docs/EntityError.md)
 - [EntityReference](docs/EntityReference.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorCode](docs/ErrorCode.md)
 - [Evaluation](docs/Evaluation.md)
 - [EvaluationLinks](docs/EvaluationLinks.md)
 - [EvaluationProperties](docs/EvaluationProperties.md)
 - [EvaluationUpdate](docs/EvaluationUpdate.md)
 - [FileKind](docs/FileKind.md)
 - [FileLinks](docs/FileLinks.md)
 - [FileProperties](docs/FileProperties.md)
 - [InnerError](docs/InnerError.md)
 - [LanguageIdentificationMode](docs/LanguageIdentificationMode.md)
 - [LanguageIdentificationProperties](docs/LanguageIdentificationProperties.md)
 - [ModelCopyAuthorization](docs/ModelCopyAuthorization.md)
 - [ModelCopyAuthorizationDefinition](docs/ModelCopyAuthorizationDefinition.md)
 - [ModelFile](docs/ModelFile.md)
 - [ModelManifest](docs/ModelManifest.md)
 - [ModelUpdate](docs/ModelUpdate.md)
 - [Operation](docs/Operation.md)
 - [OperationResult](docs/OperationResult.md)
 - [OutputFormatType](docs/OutputFormatType.md)
 - [PaginatedBaseModels](docs/PaginatedBaseModels.md)
 - [PaginatedCustomModels](docs/PaginatedCustomModels.md)
 - [PaginatedDatasets](docs/PaginatedDatasets.md)
 - [PaginatedEndpoints](docs/PaginatedEndpoints.md)
 - [PaginatedEvaluations](docs/PaginatedEvaluations.md)
 - [PaginatedFiles](docs/PaginatedFiles.md)
 - [PaginatedProjects](docs/PaginatedProjects.md)
 - [PaginatedTranscriptions](docs/PaginatedTranscriptions.md)
 - [PaginatedWebHooks](docs/PaginatedWebHooks.md)
 - [ProfanityFilterMode](docs/ProfanityFilterMode.md)
 - [Project](docs/Project.md)
 - [ProjectLinks](docs/ProjectLinks.md)
 - [ProjectProperties](docs/ProjectProperties.md)
 - [ProjectUpdate](docs/ProjectUpdate.md)
 - [PunctuationMode](docs/PunctuationMode.md)
 - [ResponseBlock](docs/ResponseBlock.md)
 - [SharedModel](docs/SharedModel.md)
 - [SharedModelFeatures](docs/SharedModelFeatures.md)
 - [Status](docs/Status.md)
 - [TextNormalizationKind](docs/TextNormalizationKind.md)
 - [TokenErrorDetails](docs/TokenErrorDetails.md)
 - [Transcription](docs/Transcription.md)
 - [TranscriptionLinks](docs/TranscriptionLinks.md)
 - [TranscriptionProperties](docs/TranscriptionProperties.md)
 - [TranscriptionUpdate](docs/TranscriptionUpdate.md)
 - [UploadedBlocks](docs/UploadedBlocks.md)
 - [WebHook](docs/WebHook.md)
 - [WebHookEvents](docs/WebHookEvents.md)
 - [WebHookLinks](docs/WebHookLinks.md)
 - [WebHookProperties](docs/WebHookProperties.md)
 - [WebHookPropertiesUpdate](docs/WebHookPropertiesUpdate.md)
 - [WebHookUpdate](docs/WebHookUpdate.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="api_key"></a>
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

<a id="token"></a>
### token


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.
However, the instances of the api clients created from the `ApiClient` are thread-safe and can be re-used.

## Author



